03.01.17  3 0
Got inspired by a dumb pic of challenges to keep fresh and learn new programming techniques.
Started by creating a git hub account and following the tutorial for starters,
keeping in mind I wanted this rep to be for my diary.
The idea of a diary never seemed to click with me, but the challenges picture mentioned a diary as a trick to stay motivated.
I actually somehow think this could work to keep me focused and not stop doing stuff after 2 days.
Come to think of it, I should also use this diary for fitness. Maybe I'll also get a sort of point system going,
to rate my days for fitness
and programming prgress. Let's say a 5 star system. I'll further try to commit this and later
include the picture with the challenges.One of the easy game challenges should be a good start!
So today was definitely a 0 in fittness and I'll award myself a 3 for IT, because I started it. Hopefully hear from you tomorrow.

04.01.17 0 3
Heyhey I hit the gym so there is that. Not feeling to great so I'm shoving i all to tomorrow :/
Gunna hit some FlexQ tho :D Cya

05.01.17 3 3
Started my first challenge today, number 107 (creating a snake game).
I choose to do it with C# in Visual Studio to get familiar with both. I started brainstorming on how
to implement the game yesterday at work, and today I got farther than expected.
Well,I have a ticking timer that moves the snakes head 
foreward on tick, and i can choose the direction with the Arrow Keys (thats what Im proud about).
Online researching already gets faster (Stack Overflow is growing from "Ugh not gonna read that" to
"Sweet all the information I need").
The graphical things will be the tricky part, but Im confident I can code the logical things in the next days.
Also connected my Visual Studio to Git Hub, to eaily manage that project.
Although my VS is now somewhat crowded cuz I cant get the panelsto position like they were before.............
I fel the urge to do more.  I first had a KeyPress Evnet Handler, but that wouldnt let me use the Arrow keys,
and although I got to the stageI wanted and saved + closed the project,
I could not stop coding till I replaced it with KeyDown methods to use the Arrow Keys.
I guess thats goodand I hope the motivation keeps up.
On Fitness, I went to the gym again today, where Gerling had a car crash when I arrived. Nice morning.
Tomorrow Ill visit Ferdi in the hospital. Lookin forward to it.
